1. What are the main differences between external, internal, and inline CSS?

External CSS are styles that inserted in the html with a link element that points to a css file. Internal CSS 
is CSS that is written in a style html tag. Inline CSS is CSS that is written directly in a element's style attribute.

2. What is the syntax for class and ID selectors?

Class selector is formatted with a "." and ID selector is formatted with a "#" 

3. How would you apply a single rule to two different selectors?

 p, div, h1 {
    color: red
 }

4. Given an element that has an id of title and a class of primary, how would you use both
attributes for a single rule?



5. What does the descendant combinator do?

It`s a combination of two selectors where styles are applied to second one in case that an element matches the first selector.

6. Between a rule that uses one class selector and a rule that uses three type selectors,
which rule has the higher specificity?

The class selector styles would display since class selector has higher specificity than type selectors

7. From inside to outside, what is the order of box-model properties?
8. What does the box-sizing CSS property do?

It sets how the total width and height of an element is calculated.

9. What is the difference between the standard and alternative box model?

If you are using the standard box model, the size of the border is added to the width and height of the content box. If you are using the alternative box model then the size of the border makes the content box smaller as it takes up some of that available width and height of the element box.31

10. Would you use margin or padding to create more space between 2 elements?

I would use margin

11. Would you use margin or padding to create more space between the contents of an
element and its border?

I would use padding

12. Would you use margin or padding if you wanted two elements to overlap each other?

I would use padding

13. What is the difference between a block element and an inline element?

Block element will display its inner elements one below another. An inline element will display its inner elements one next to another.

14. What is the difference between an inline element and an inline-block element?

Inline-block elements are similar to inline elements, except they can have padding and margins added on all four sides

15. Is an h1 block or inline?

It is block
16. Is button block or inline?

inline

17. Is div block or inline?

block

18. Is span block or inline?

inline

19. What’s the difference between a flex container and a flex item?

Flex container is the parent flex element that will display inline or flexible items. Flex items are those
elements displayed in a flex container

20. How do you create a flex item?

Setting its parent node display property to flex or inline-flex

21. What are the 3 values defined in the shorthand flex property?

flex-grow, flex-shrink, flex-basis

22. How do you make flex items arrange themselves vertically instead of horizontally?

Setting the parent node flex-direction property to "row"

23. What is the difference between justify-content and align-items?

   justify-content sets alignment of main axis while align-items sets alignment of crossed axis.

24. How do you use flexbox to completely center a div inside a flex container?

<div style='display:flex; justify-content: center;align-items: center'>
  <div>hola</div>
</div>

25. What’s the difference between justify-content: space-between and justify-content:
space-around?